Pin doc build requirements (#60)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/documentation_contributions.rst

   .. code-block:: bash

>     pip install --user -r docs/docsite/requirements.txt # Installs the unpinned dependency versions.

Reviewer: Why would we want unpinned deps on contributor machines? Don't they deserve stability too?

Author: Yeah but they get the freedom to choose. If they are savvy enough maybe they could do some testing of the deps.

In all honesty though this has been in the docs longer than I've been around the project so I'm assuming there is probably some historical reason for this. Maybe @samccann or @felixfontein could enlighten us?

Either way you've got a point and a bit of extra doc, even some kind of warning about potential instability, wouldn't hurt.

Reviewer: I guess that's fair. Though, it wouldn't hurt to actually have a constraints file in repo for this (or both, combined? — I haven't checked how similar they are).

Author: Thanks again. I've flipped the order of the two commands in the docs so that the user is likely to see the one with pinned dependencies and choose that option.

It probably wouldn't hurt to have a constraints file in this repo but I would honestly prefer to handle that in a separate issue.

Reviewer: Totally, I wasn't implying that everything should be bundled in this PR. I prefer atomic PRs myself :)

>     pip install --user -r tests/requirements.in -c tests/requirements.txt # Installs tested dependency versions.

Reviewer 2: In a follow up, let's get rid of `--user` mentions in this doc and show setting up a venv. `--user` doesn't even work on new Debian versions. It's bad practice. This is especially problematic with constraints files that can really mess up your global environment.

Reviewer: @gotmax23 I think that one of the downsides of `--user` is that it shares `bin/` across Python interpreters of different versions, causing collisions.

>     pip install --user -r tests/requirements.in -c tests/requirements.txt # Installs tested dependency versions.

Author: @webknjaz Leaving aside the convenience of the nox/tox approach does this look correct to you? Specifically the `-c tests/requirements.txt` option.

My question stems from the fact that there is a `constraints.in` file and the `-c` option takes a constraints file as a value. Perhaps it's missing some nuance or just wrong but requirements.in and constraints.in generates "requirements.txt" which is actually the full constraints file. Does that make sense?

Would it not achieve the same thing to pip install the generated requirements.txt directly (`-r requirements.txt`)?

Reviewer: > Would it not achieve the same thing to pip install the generated requirements.txt directly (`-r requirements.txt`)?

No, because under different runtimes, the actual tree may differ. If there's a dependency that conditionally appears deep in the deptree under Linux and doesn't work under macOS at all, `-r` will try to install it (because you asked it to!) and may crash under macOS while working under Linux. `-c` doesn't mean "install these", it means "if they need to be installed, apply the constraints, no-op otherwise".

>     pip install --user -r docs/docsite/requirements.txt # Installs the unpinned dependency versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    pip install --user -r tests/requirements.in # Installs the unpinned dependency versions.
```
